# Text Processing Assignment2 Report
## Registration Number : 220116886<br/><br/>

### 1. Used Libraries  
Pandas is used in the main function to make the tsv files into pandas dataframes and to handle those dataframes. Numpy was used to compute the likelihood of each word.
I used NLTK to selected features by conducting POS tagging. I had to first run the code *nltk.download('averaged_perceptron_tagger')*.
Matplotlib and Seaborn were used to display the confusion matrix of the classification of reviews in the development set.  
잠만 어느 모듈에서 어떤 라이브러리 썼는지 설명 ㄱㄱ 

### 2. Implementation Details  
#### 1) Classes I Made
2.1.1 Preprocessing  
This class is for preprocessing the reviews. 'get_negation_token' method changes <n't> into <not>, and concatenates the word <not> and the word next to <not> so the classifier can regard the negation expression as one feature.
'punctuation_removal' eliminates punctuations except the exclamation marks. Because the exclamation marks can work as emphasis of the sentiment. 'preprocessed_text' returns the reviews which are preprocessed. 
'change_sentiment_scale' method maps the 5-value sentiment scale to a 3-value sentiment scale.  
  
2.1.2 Classify  
This class performs the classification task. 'compute_prior' method computes the prior probability of each class by relative frequency.
The number of reviews in each class used for computing the priors is computed by 'number_of_each_class' method.
'select_features' method removes functional words (except personal pronoun and proper noun) to conduct the classification only with the features that are relevant to the sentiment.
